this monitor is less than half the area
of my current desktop display and yet by
the end of this video I might be ready
to downgrade obviously not everything
about the 2725 DF from Alienware is a
downgrade some things are pretty big
upgrades starting of course with the
panel I mean none of this sounds that
newer exciting QD OLED from Samsung
display seen it QHD sounds like 4K for
poor people 360 HZ baby call me when you
got
500 except in the real world that's just
not how it works products can be more
than the sum of their parts and this one
is a lot
more and if I hadn't been putting on my
best toxic elitist Persona before there
were some hints on the packaging for
example this
03 millisecond response time check check
out this Pursuit camera test it looks
like a still image this thing offers
some of if not the best motion Clarity
we have ever seen on a display that
doesn't use a cathode ray tube to be
clear any OLED is going to be fast much
faster than any LCD but this takes
things to a whole other level the next
big hint is that 99.3% coverage of the
DCI P3 color space that in and of itself
doesn't make a monitor good you could
have a wide gamut display that whether
due to poor Factory calibration or just
bad product design philosophy with gross
you know Vivid Best Buy display model
syndrome just isn't accurate but this
one is friends I am talking in SDR a
maximum Delta e out of the box of. n
when two is considered fine for
professional work and in HDR some of the
best color ACC accuracy we have ever
seen on a display ever remember when
gaming monitors had compromises yeah me
neither
anymore a lot of this performance just
comes down to Dell's decision to use a
third generation 2024 model QD OLED
panel from Samsung we've got a full
video on that over on the LT Channel
where you can learn more of the ins and
outs of it it's sponsored by Samsung
display but all of the numbers in it
were measured by our team here in our
own lab on these Alienware monitors
which I am very excited to be able to
tell you guys about because they were
still under embargo when we did that
video and the thing is there's more to
making a good monitor than just the
panel that you integrate there's the
design and accessory package this one
has integrated Cable Management includes
display port HDMI display port to USBC
and a USB A2B Uplink cable for the
integrated Hub which has I believe it's
uh three type A ports one on the bottom
two on the back and one type c it even
comes with a little built-in cleaning
cloth which allows us to most easily see
the biggest disadvantage of Cu OLED you
see that kind of purple cast on the
screen unlike a wed which is LG's
competing technology ciola doesn't quite
get black black especially in a brightly
lit environment like the studio we're in
right now it's not going to affect you
in your mom's dimly lit basement or
whatever because like other OLED
displays when these pixels are black
they're off no light so in Vasa true
black 400 mode or whatever it is this
thing will do 500 knits of brightness
that next to a little bit of purple
you're not going to see it and you're
especially not going to see it in the
1,000 nit Peak brightness mode that
it'll do I believe up to a 2% window but
it is something to be aware of because
actually this is perfect I've got my
laptop here for comparison it just isn't
quite as B black there are also some
other compromises compared to this
monitor's bigger 4 ker brother and
that's aside from just the size and
resolution it doesn't have any g-sync
validation of any sort just freesync
premium Pro though I'm not really
convinced that matters we enabled gsync
with it before and it seemed to work
fine just fine the bigger one is that
because it doesn't have the same
increased pixel density compared to the
last one you're going to see more of the
text fringing that people had talked
about particularly with the previous
generation of this panel technology it's
improved but not nearly as much as the
4K model of course I wouldn't be saying
that I'm considering upgrading to this
one if I thought that any of these were
deal breakers and compared to the 240
htz of that bigger
display oh the 360 is just so
smooth shouldn't matter that much but
man guys when I was shooting that last
video like I was just putting together
kill streaks like
like I couldn't miss and uh I guess this
is my chance to prove it I going to swap
out this mouse I'm not saying this is a
bad Mouse I'm just saying it's not my
mouse and I would like to use mine there
it is and I also found this message from
our sponsor thanks to be quiet for
sponsoring our 2024 CES coverage if
you're shopping for your next PC build
or just new components in general make
sure to check out be quiet their premium
products include power supplies case
fans PC cases for said case fans
all-in-one water coolers and and high
performance air coolers with fruits in
Germany they've been in the industry for
more than 20 years and specialize in
making high quality parts that are hard
to hear be quiet this year at CES
they're showcasing new white PC cases
white fans and even white hard drive
cages step into the world of quiet
cooling with be quiet at the link down
below actually before we play games I
should probably poke around in the
settings a little bit first up is it
running at 360 HZ
yes it's just crazy seeing that number
like that also we can poke around in the
menu a little bit we're in HDR Peak 1000
mode this is cool you've got a little
panel Health indicator here they offer a
threeyear no burning warranty it's kind
of neat are you kidding me are
you kidding me Microsoft sign in with a
different Microsoft account what does
that mean it means a different one I
don't know pl's
password this has been a
bug for at least 2 years get it together
go to control panel at the bottom and
sign out press F1 what control panel I
have no control
panel other ways to sign
in nope unbelievable this is the
workaround to remove these credential
manager credentials I I don't know how
to describe this other than unbelievable
we even got pl's password Here want to
want to show want to show them the the
thing Colin enter the enter the password
let's show them the stupid loop I hope
someone from Microsoft is watching and
fixes this
immediately here's another I can't play
this game sign in is blocked I just
tried to sign in as my own account
someone entered the wrong password to
many time what what are you talking
about that's not a thing that happened
guarantee you I can sign into that on my
laptop right
now what well when did that happen
finally confirmed with ploof for some
reason his locked after one attempt as
well so something about doing anything
with your account on this machine just
immediately locks your Microsoft account
and makes it so you have to reset your
password
genius anyway we're in hack the main
frame not in a gaming mindset anymore
now I have an excuse for not being good
I have no sound but hopefully I'm going
to be able to make this
work I don't know what it is you know
it's not about hurts it's about the
smoothness and the motion Clarity you
know like it's just it's impossible not
to click the guy like it's it's crazy
guys I don't think I have to convince
anyone that I'm not this good at video
games like it's just it's
crazy where'd it come from I don't know
this
map I also have no sound I'm using that
as a legit excuse when I don't know
where my opponent's coming from whoa
whoa whoa
whoa got him come on where's my
headset seriously though you guys have
seen me play games before I am not this
good oh I fell see
see someone who falls off the map should
not be getting head shot like
that if I wasn't seeing this I wouldn't
believe it or rather if I wasn't living
it I wouldn't believe it I have the most
kills in the server with no
sound got him oh already popped his
Shields now he's
dead how dare
you how oh wow they're all uh see that's
the these guys problem they are always
playing the objective
dead man just I swear guys I cannot
click heads like that and yet there it
is
I don't think I
have in my memory encountered a piece of
equipment that has affected my ability
to game like this before like it's just
so easy to track things it's not going
to compensate for not knowing your way
around maps and stuff you know but just
it does compensate
for just being able to see and track
objects on the screen better it's
crazy yeah we tried what I be most
interested to see is if there's a
difference in my hit percentage I
suspect there is but I think that's only
during Deathmatch modes so I don't know
what to tell you other than to subscribe
to Short
Circuit